Changed where the GitHub Installation section specifies the location … (#1493)
CrunchyData/postgres-operator: docs/content/installation/other/ansible/prerequisites.md

### GitHub Installation

> All necessary files (inventory, main playbook and roles) can be found in the `installers/ansible`
> directory in the  [postgres-operator project](https://github.com/CrunchyData/postgres-operator).

Reviewer: Looks good. I would posit we make this even more obvious:

```suggestion
All necessary files (inventory, main playbook and roles) can be found in the
[`installers/ansible`](https://github.com/CrunchyData/postgres-operator/tree/master/installers/ansible) directory
in the [source code](https://github.com/CrunchyData/postgres-operator).
```
